[Docs] Update "Customizing Models" (#10299)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/customization/model.rst

* Add ``icon`` to the ``PaymentMethod``

And of course many similar operations limited only by your imagination.

Let's now see how you should perform such customizations.

How to customize a Model?
-------------------------

.. tip::

>     This example is described on Github together with tests,twig,form etc. `sylius/customization/how_to_customize_a_model <https://github.com/Sylius/Customizations/pull/2>`_

Reviewer: `tests,twig,form` -> `tests, twig, form`

* Add ``icon`` to the ``PaymentMethod``

And of course many similar operations limited only by your imagination.

Let's now see how you should perform such customizations.

How to customize a Model?
-------------------------

.. tip::

>     You can browse the code of this example on Github together with tests, twig, form etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can browse the full implementation of this example on GitHub
```

>     on the `<https://github.com/Sylius/Customizations/pull/2>`_

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    You can browse the full implementation of this example on `this GitHub Pull Request.
    <https://github.com/Sylius/Customizations/pull/2>`_
```

>     on the `sylius/customization/how_to_customize_a_model <https://github.com/Sylius/Customizations/pull/2>`_

Reviewer 2: Won't it use `sylius/customization/how_to_customize_a_model` as a link title?

Reviewer 3: Yes, it will and I agree it will look bad. :<

As a result you will get the ``Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\Country`` - this is the class that you need to be extending.

Assuming that you would want to add another field on the model - for instance a ``flag``, where the flag is a variable that stores your image URL

**1.** The first thing to do is to add your own interface ``App\Entity\Addressing\CountryInterface`` which will extend the base ``Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\CountryInterface`` interface.

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Addressing;

    use Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\CountryInterface as BaseCountryInterface;

    interface CountryInterface extends BaseCountryInterface
    {

>         public function getFlag(): ?string ;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        public function getFlag(): ?string;
```

        public function setFlag(string $flag): void;
    }

> **2.** Add your field in the ``src\Entity\Addressing\Country`` class, which extends the base ``Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\Country`` class.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**2.** Add your field to the ``App\Entity\Addressing\Country`` class, which extends the base ``Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\Country`` class.
```

> File ``src\Entity\Addressing\Country`` existing in Sylius-Standard. We need only modificate it.

Reviewer 2: Do we need this paragraph? If so, wdyt about:

```suggestion
Apply the following changes to the ``src\Entity\Addressing\Country.php`` file existing in Sylius-Standard.
```

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Addressing;

    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
    use Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\Country as BaseCountry;

    /**

>      * @ORM\MappedSuperclass()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     * @ORM\Entity()
```

     * @ORM\Table(name="sylius_country")
     */
    class Country extends BaseCountry implements CountryInterface
    {

>         /** @ORM\Column(type="string",nullable=true) */

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        /** @ORM\Column(type="string", nullable=true) */
```

        private $flag;

        public function getFlag(): ?string
        {
            return $this->flag;
        }

        public function setFlag(string $flag): void
        {
            $this->flag = $flag;
        }
    }

**3.** After that you'll need to check the model's class in the ``config/packages/_sylius.yaml``.

Under the ``sylius_*`` where ``*`` is the name of the bundle of the model you are customizing, in our case it will be the ``SyliusAddressingBundle`` -> ``sylius_addressing``.

> That in Sylius-Standard configuration is overriden already, but you may check if it correctly overriden.

Reviewer 2: I don't get it, how would I know if it is correctly overridden?

As a result you will get the ``Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\Country`` - this is the class that you need to be extending.

Assuming that you would want to add another field on the model - for instance a ``flag``, where the flag is a variable that stores your image URL

**1.** The first thing to do is to add your own interface ``App\Entity\Addressing\CountryInterface`` which will extend the base ``Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\CountryInterface`` interface.

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Addressing;

    use Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\CountryInterface as BaseCountryInterface;

    interface CountryInterface extends BaseCountryInterface
    {
        public function getFlag(): ?string;

        public function setFlag(string $flag): void;
    }

> **2.** Add your field to the ``App\Entity\Addressing\Country`` class, which extends the base ``Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\Country`` class.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**2.** Add your field to the ``src\Entity\Addressing\Country`` class, which extends the base
 ``Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\Country`` class.
```

> Apply the following changes to the ``src\Entity\Addressing\Country.php`` file existing in Sylius-Standard.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Apply the following changes to the ``src\Entity\Addressing\Country`` file that already exists in Sylius-Standard.
```

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Addressing;

    use Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\CountryInterface as BaseCountryInterface;

    interface CountryInterface extends BaseCountryInterface
    {
        public function getFlag(): ?string ;

        public function setFlag(string $flag): void;
    }

**2.** Next thing to do is to add your own fields in class ``App\Entity\Addressing\Country`` which will extend the base ``Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\Country`` class.

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Addressing;

    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
    use Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\Country as BaseCountry;

    /**
     * @ORM\MappedSuperclass()
     * @ORM\Table(name="sylius_country")
     */
    class Country extends BaseCountry implements CountryInterface
    {
        /** @ORM\Column(type="string",nullable=true) */
        private $flag;

        public function getFlag(): ?string
        {
            return $this->flag;
        }

        public function setFlag(string $flag): void
        {
            $this->flag = $flag;
        }
    }

> **3.** After you'll need to override the model's class in the ``config/packages/_sylius.yaml``.

Reviewer: `After` -> `Then` or `After` -> `After that`

        resources:
            country:
                classes:

>                     model: App\Entity\Addressing\Country

Reviewer 3: We are missing the interface config I suppose?

Author: This is a problem because if we add an interface now we'll get errors...

Reviewer 3: What do you mean by errors?

Author: This working only if I add 
resolve_target_entities:
            Sylius\Component\Addressing\Model\CountryInterface: App\Entity\Addressing\Country

in config/packages/doctrine.yml

Its ok?

Reviewer: cc @pamil could you take a look? :D At first I proposed the `resolve_target_entities` solution but I believe it's not the most elegant one.

    $ php bin/console doctrine:migrations:diff
    $ php bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate

.. warning::

    Sometimes when something goes wrong and you get database-errors you must use ``doctrine:database:drop`` but **remember this command destroy you database !!!**

>         .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: I think that these spaces between the beginning of the line and .. code-block:: bash are not necessary and cause this block to render incorrectly

How to customize a translatable Model?
--------------------------------------

.. tip::

>     You can browse the code of this example on Github together with tests, twig, form etc.

Reviewer 2: Same comments as to the similar notice up there in this file.

How to customize a translatable Model?
--------------------------------------

.. tip::

>     This example is described on Github together with tests,twig,form etc. `sylius/customization/how_to_customize_a_translatable_model <https://github.com/Sylius/Customizations/pull/4>`_

Reviewer: `tests,twig,form` -> `tests, twig, form`

    $ php bin/console debug:container --parameter=sylius.model.shipping_method.class

> **1.** The first thing to do is to add your own interface ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodInterface`` which will extend the base ``Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethodInterface`` interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**1.** The first thing to do is to add your own interface ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodInterface`` extending the base ``Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethodInterface`` interface.
```

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Shipping;

    use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethodInterface as BaseShippingMethodInterface;

    interface ShippingMethodInterface extends BaseShippingMethodInterface
    {

>         public function getEstimatedDeliveryTime(): ?string;

Reviewer 2: I guess the example is quite unfortunate here:

1. It looks like it shouldn't be a part of a translation - the estimated delivery time shouldn't depend on the locale one is using.
2. Estimated delivery time looks more like `\DateInterval` (for the time interval from shipping to delivery) or `\DateTimeInterface` (if some service generates it on-the-fly for given shipping).

Author: I think that we treat this value that note for customer and it may be only simple string.

        public function setEstimatedDeliveryTime(?string $estimatedDeliveryTime): void;
    }

> **2.** Next thing to do is to add your own fields in class ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod`` which will extend the base ``Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethod`` class.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**2.** Next thing to do is to add your own fields in class ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod`` extending the base ``Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethod`` class.
```

> File ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod`` existing in Sylius-Standard. We need only modificate it.

Reviewer 2: Same as above.

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Shipping;

    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
    use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethod as BaseShippingMethod;
    use Sylius\Component\Shipping\Model\ShippingMethodTranslationInterface;

    /**

>      * @ORM\MappedSuperclass()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     * @ORM\Entity()
```

     * @ORM\Table(name="sylius_shipping_method")
     */
    class ShippingMethod extends BaseShippingMethod implements ShippingMethodInterface
    {

>         /** @ORM\Column(type="string",nullable=true) */

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        /** @ORM\Column(type="string", nullable=true) */
```

        private $estimatedDeliveryTime;

        public function getEstimatedDeliveryTime(): ?string
        {
            return $this->estimatedDeliveryTime;
        }

        public function setEstimatedDeliveryTime(?string $estimatedDeliveryTime): void
        {
            $this->estimatedDeliveryTime = $estimatedDeliveryTime;
        }

>         protected function createTranslation(): ShippingMethodTranslationInterface

Reviewer 2: Is this method needed here? What happens if it isn't customised?

Author: We got error because we need use Interface now, probably using class is obsolete

Author: If we delete createTranslation() we also got error

    $ php bin/console debug:container --parameter=sylius.model.shipping_method.class

> **1.** The first thing to do is to add your own interface ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodInterface`` extending the base ``Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethodInterface`` interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**1.** The first thing to do is to add your own interface ``src\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodInterface`` extending
the base ``Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethodInterface`` interface.
```

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Shipping;

    use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethodInterface as BaseShippingMethodInterface;

    interface ShippingMethodInterface extends BaseShippingMethodInterface
    {
        public function getEstimatedDeliveryTime(): ?string;

        public function setEstimatedDeliveryTime(?string $estimatedDeliveryTime): void;
    }

> **2.** Next thing to do is to add your own fields in class ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod`` extending the base ``Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethod`` class.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**2.** Next thing to do is to add your own fields in class ``src\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod`` extending the base ``Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethod`` class.
```

    Remember to set the translation class properly, just like above in the ``createTranslation()`` method.

> **3.** After you’ll need to override the model’s class in the ``config/packages/_sylius.yaml``.

Reviewer: `After` -> `Then` or `After` -> `After that`

        resources:
            shipping_method:
                classes:

>                     model: App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod

Reviewer 3: We are missing the interface config I suppose?

Author: And here

    $ php bin/console doctrine:migrations:diff
    $ php bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate

.. warning::

    Sometimes when something goes wrong and you get database-errors you must use ``doctrine:database:drop`` but **remember this command destroy you database !!!**

>         .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: I think that these spaces between the beginning of the line and .. code-block:: bash are not necessary and cause this block to render incorrectly

How to customize translatable fields of a translatable Model?
-------------------------------------------------------------

.. tip::

>     You can browse the code of this example on Github together with tests, twig, form etc.

Reviewer 2: Same as above.

        public function setDeliveryConditions(?string $deliveryConditions): void;
    }

**2.** In order to add a translatable property to your entity you need to define it on the ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodTranslation`` class of your bundle, that will extend the base ``Sylius\Component\Shipping\Model\ShippingMethodTranslation``.

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Shipping;

    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
    use Sylius\Component\Shipping\Model\ShippingMethodTranslation as BaseShippingMethodTranslation;

    /**
     * @ORM\MappedSuperclass()
     * @ORM\Table(name="sylius_shipping_method_translation")
     */
    class ShippingMethodTranslation extends BaseShippingMethodTranslation implements ShippingMethodTranslationInterface
    {
        /** @ORM\Column(type="string",nullable=true) */
        private $deliveryConditions;

        public function getDeliveryConditions(): ?string
        {
            return $this->deliveryConditions;
        }

        public function setDeliveryConditions(?string $deliveryConditions): void
        {
            $this->deliveryConditions = $deliveryConditions;
        }
    }

> **3.** You'll need to provide access to the new fields in the ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodInterface`` interface by extending the base ``Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethodInterface`` interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**3.** Add the field's getters and setters on the ``src\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodInterface`` interface.
```

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Shipping;

    use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethodInterface as BaseShippingMethodInterface;

    interface ShippingMethodInterface extends BaseShippingMethodInterface
    {
        public function getDeliveryConditions(): ?string;

        public function setDeliveryConditions(?string $deliveryConditions): void;
    }

> **4.** You'll need to provide access to the new fields in the ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod`` class by extending the base ``Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethod`` class.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**4.** Implement the getter and setter methods of the interface on the 
``src\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod`` class.
```

    $ php bin/console debug:container --parameter=sylius.model.shipping_method_translation.class

> **1.** In order to add a translatable property to your entity, start from defining it on the ``src\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodTranslationInterface`` interface, that will extend the base ``Sylius\Component\Shipping\Model\ShippingMethodTranslationInterface``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**1.** In order to add a translatable property to your entity, start from defining it on the ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodTranslationInterface`` interface extending the base ``Sylius\Component\Shipping\Model\ShippingMethodTranslationInterface``.
```

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Shipping;

    use Sylius\Component\Shipping\Model\ShippingMethodTranslationInterface as BaseShippingMethodTranslationInterface;

    interface ShippingMethodTranslationInterface extends BaseShippingMethodTranslationInterface
    {
        public function getDeliveryConditions(): ?string;

        public function setDeliveryConditions(?string $deliveryConditions): void;
    }

> **2.** Having the property added on the interface, you can proceed to add in on the entity itself. The class `src\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodTranslation` is already there in the right place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**2.** Having the property added on the interface, you can proceed to add in on the entity itself. The class `App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodTranslation` is already there in the right place.
```

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Shipping;

    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
    use Sylius\Component\Shipping\Model\ShippingMethodTranslation as BaseShippingMethodTranslation;

    /**

>      * @ORM\MappedSuperclass()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     * @ORM\Entity()
```

     * @ORM\Table(name="sylius_shipping_method_translation")
     */
    class ShippingMethodTranslation extends BaseShippingMethodTranslation implements ShippingMethodTranslationInterface
    {

>         /** @ORM\Column(type="string",nullable=true) */

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        /** @ORM\Column(type="string", nullable=true) */
```

        private $deliveryConditions;

        public function getDeliveryConditions(): ?string
        {
            return $this->deliveryConditions;
        }

        public function setDeliveryConditions(?string $deliveryConditions): void
        {
            $this->deliveryConditions = $deliveryConditions;
        }
    }

> **3.** Add the field's getters and setters on the ``src\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodInterface`` interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**3.** Add the field's getters and setters on the ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodInterface`` interface.
```

Reviewer 3: the convention we have used was providing the path to file here, and the path is with `src/` I suppose.

Reviewer 2: Is there a convention? https://docs.sylius.com/en/1.4/customization/menu.html uses class names, https://docs.sylius.com/en/1.4/customization/form.html uses filenames, then https://docs.sylius.com/en/1.4/cookbook/entities/custom-translatable-model.html uses class names again etc.

IMO the best solution is using fully-qualified class names in textual documentation and writing the path of the file inside a code snippet as a comment. Symfony uses this approach - https://symfony.com/doc/current/controller.html.

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Shipping;

    use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethodInterface as BaseShippingMethodInterface;

    interface ShippingMethodInterface extends BaseShippingMethodInterface
    {
        public function getDeliveryConditions(): ?string;

        public function setDeliveryConditions(?string $deliveryConditions): void;
    }

> **4.** Implement the getter and setter methods of the interface on the ``src\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod`` class.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**4.** Implement the getter and setter methods of the interface on the ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod`` class.
```

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Shipping;

    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
    use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethod as BaseShippingMethod;
    use Sylius\Component\Shipping\Model\ShippingMethodTranslationInterface;

    /**

>      * @ORM\MappedSuperclass()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     * @ORM\Entity()
```

    $ php bin/console debug:container --parameter=sylius.model.shipping_method_translation.class

> **1.** In order to add a translatable property to your entity, start from defining it on the ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodTranslationInterface`` interface extending the base ``Sylius\Component\Shipping\Model\ShippingMethodTranslationInterface``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**1.** In order to add a translatable property to your entity, start from defining it on the 
``src\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodTranslationInterface`` interface extending the base
``Sylius\Component\Shipping\Model\ShippingMethodTranslationInterface``.
```

    }

**2.** Having the property added on the interface, you can proceed to add in on the entity itself. The class `App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodTranslation` is already there in the right place.

Apply the following changes to the ``src\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodTranslation.php`` file existing in Sylius-Standard.

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Shipping;

    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
    use Sylius\Component\Shipping\Model\ShippingMethodTranslation as BaseShippingMethodTranslation;

    /**
     * @ORM\Entity()
     * @ORM\Table(name="sylius_shipping_method_translation")
     */
    class ShippingMethodTranslation extends BaseShippingMethodTranslation implements ShippingMethodTranslationInterface
    {
        /** @ORM\Column(type="string", nullable=true) */
        private $deliveryConditions;

        public function getDeliveryConditions(): ?string
        {
            return $this->deliveryConditions;
        }

        public function setDeliveryConditions(?string $deliveryConditions): void
        {
            $this->deliveryConditions = $deliveryConditions;
        }
    }

> **3.** Add the field's getters and setters on the ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodInterface`` interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**3.** Add the field's getters and setters on the ``src\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodInterface`` interface.
```

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Shipping;

    use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethodInterface as BaseShippingMethodInterface;

    interface ShippingMethodInterface extends BaseShippingMethodInterface
    {
        public function getDeliveryConditions(): ?string;

        public function setDeliveryConditions(?string $deliveryConditions): void;
    }

> **4.** Implement the getter and setter methods of the interface on the ``App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod`` class.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**4.** Implement the getter and setter methods of the interface on the ``src\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod`` class.
```

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Entity\Shipping;

    use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
    use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ShippingMethod as BaseShippingMethod;
    use Sylius\Component\Shipping\Model\ShippingMethodTranslationInterface;

    /**
     * @ORM\MappedSuperclass()
     * @ORM\Table(name="sylius_shipping_method")
     */
    class ShippingMethod extends BaseShippingMethod implements ShippingMethodInterface
    {
        public function getDeliveryConditions(): ?string
        {
            return $this->getTranslation()->getDeliveryConditions();
        }

        public function setDeliveryConditions(?string $deliveryConditions): void
        {
            $this->getTranslation()->setDeliveryConditions($deliveryConditions);
        }

        protected function createTranslation(): ShippingMethodTranslationInterface
        {
            return new ShippingMethodTranslation();
        }
    }

.. note::

    Remember that if the original entity is not translatable you will need to initialize the translations collection in the constructor,
    and use the TranslatableTrait. Take a careful look at the Sylius translatable entities.

> **5.** After you'll need to override the model's class in the ``config/packages/_sylius.yaml``.

Reviewer: `After` -> `Then` or `After -> `After that`

        resources:
            shipping_method:
                classes:
                    model: App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod
                translation:
                    classes:

>                         model: App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodTranslation

Reviewer 3: We are missing the interface configs here and above I suppose?

Author: And here

    Read more about the database modifications and migrations in the `Symfony documentation here <http://symfony.com/doc/current/book/doctrine.html#creating-the-database-tables-schema>`_.

> **7.** Additionally if you need to add the ``deliveryConditions`` to any of your shipping methods in the admin panel,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**7.** If you need to add delivery conditions to your shipping methods in the admin panel,
```

WDYT?

    $ php bin/console doctrine:migrations:diff
    $ php bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate

.. warning::

>     Sometimes when something goes wrong and you get database-errors you must use ``doctrine:database:drop`` but **remember this command destroy you database !!!**

Reviewer: Destroy sounds kind of harsh - what about... drop? :)

>     Sometimes when something goes wrong and you get database-errors you must use ``doctrine:database:drop`` but **remember this command destroy you database !!!**

Reviewer: `you database` -> `your database`

>     Sometimes when something goes wrong and you get database-errors you must use ``doctrine:database:drop`` but **remember this command destroy you database !!!**

Reviewer: When have you encountered an error that made you drop and re-create the database? And what exactly means that `something goes wrong`?

Author: If i override an entity in my new branch and try make migration then I get errors and one way to fix this is drop database or switch to master them make migration:migrate and back to my new branch, make diff:migration and migration:migrate

Reviewer 4: IMO we should not recommend such a solution - people work not only locally but also using docker or vagrant, there are too many cases when something can go wrong (or go well) with database and our tricky quick-but-a-little-hacky solutions with dropping a database and creating it again does not have to work for everybody :)

Author: Summary you have a right, I added this message becouse I have been problems in my env, people that use our guides has more different envirnonments and they propably can get many cases can go wrong

Reviewer: To me, it sounds like `If anything goes wrong, you were not cautious enough and you have to throw your app away and build a new one` :D

>         .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: I think that these spaces between the beginning of the line and `.. code-block:: bash` are not necessary and cause this block to render incorrectly

Author: You wrong. This is ok

Reviewer 4: Are you sure? Take a look at [this](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/blob/master/docs/customization/controller.rst#L50) and [this](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/blob/master/docs/customization/model.rst#L46) 🖖

        resources:
            shipping_method:
                classes:
                    model: App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethod
                translation:
                    classes:
                        model: App\Entity\Shipping\ShippingMethodTranslation

**6.** Now we need to create new extensions ``ShippingMethodTranslationTypeExtension``

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace App\Form\Extension;

    use Sylius\Bundle\ShippingBundle\Form\Type\ShippingMethodTranslationType;
    use Symfony\Component\Form\AbstractTypeExtension;
    use Symfony\Component\Form\Extension\Core\Type\TextType;
    use Symfony\Component\Form\FormBuilderInterface;

    final class ShippingMethodTranslationTypeExtension extends AbstractTypeExtension
    {
        public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
        {
            $builder->add('deliveryConditions',TextType::class,[
                'label' => 'app.form.extension.type.shipping_method_translation.delivery_conditions',
                'required' => false
            ]);
        }

>         public static function getExtendedTypes(): iterable

Reviewer 5: Missing blank line between methods

                {{ form_row(form.calculator) }}
                {% for name, calculatorConfigurationPrototype in form.vars.prototypes %}
                    <div id="{{ form.calculator.vars.id }}_{{ name }}" data-container=".configuration"
                         data-prototype="{{ form_widget(calculatorConfigurationPrototype)|e }}">
                    </div>
                {% endfor %}
                <div class="ui segment configuration">
                    {% if form.configuration is defined %}
                        {% for field in form.configuration %}
                            {{ form_row(field) }}
                        {% endfor %}
                    {% endif %}
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="column">
            {{ translationForm(form.translations) }}
            <b id="delivery-condition"> {{ 'app.form.extension.type.shipping_method_translation.delivery_conditions'|trans~' '~'sylius.ui.message'|trans|lower~': '}} </b>
            <p id="delivery-condition-message"> {{ shipping_method.getDeliveryConditions }} </p>
        </div>
    </div>

> 

Reviewer 5: Unnecessary blank lines
